the team that has weaned him class
instead 92 second choice of tin
This year the explosion is still immune
from three points does not go the shot remained in
hollow that makes you have everything at two events
are 222 meters and twenty however born of
one of the sacred monsters makes the crisis
European heathrow we saw
after an injury
in short, a leg is not
wrong this year in the blog almost
still inside for mistakes and doing that
who wants at this time table
two events are felt 6 test
to stretch gran canaria uses to go
immediately a site conclusion on
pass test the other instead for the
guests
we have community
the number we see becks no tavarez
lungagnone tavares
for another fifth player the dynamo
as a proof that from the outside it does not go
well
and still struggling with this
rebounds both
nothing to do a very good her a
serve tavares that the judge
the family player among others
in recovery, then on aid or
rolled in but is still long in the
doubling beautiful ball inter brien
erroraccio of brian bags and this is
healthy of courage, here it is alvarado cerca
to set up on their own as on enemies
has not voiced help from three not finding
the highest paid basket is there
climb a bit late then has
closed under various short has failed
the ball please this what now
who does badly
this they do dilawar they pull the ball
up
second, no, but the problem is this
that when they are in trouble they attract
the dancer and the last part of the league
let's say it's just the social made the physical
let's see if it was pushed for not pushing
I remember badly 2 12 2 13 28 28 online el
we asked now I did not ask e
aids satisfied first iron only
for the only 28 each then again
tavares he manages to put in here
fifteenth that the player basket
of then not find the dwelling
something also about an ankle though
the crush of tavares 17 larino is
provided that patrol alba is important
we are paying with the effort of
these two safe mental days
many Ghanaians travel a good one
good defense here too the young is
It was a good defense up to help
delayed a moment of laurel that is
left here it is left behind and is
been forced that all buildings
absolutely yes then we say that
try putting oneself in todi us that
great hall 292 not yet 23 years old that
maybe we will see some other
Spanish team very soon and who
eurocega eurocup definitely done
a beautiful wall 18 points are many but then
I believe they are good at managing the
ball
then it must be advantages not to throw away
balls and to make the figure super
something similar happened
however, it was 67 in the area
speaks because washing does not take care of it
table does not risk twice but with the
40 64 my normal coffee a reality though
the 32 slogans may be of high retirement
perhaps unkindly steps